okay get ready for some freaky magic I
will guess your age in a minute
are you a risky person who is always up
for a bet great then let's bet I'll
figure out your age after asking only
six simple questions take a calculator
and a pen with a sheet of paper and
let's get it rolling
but before hit the subscribe button and
ring the small notification bell to join
us on the bright side of life number one
choose a number from one to nine which
number is your favorite 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 10 doesn't count I said 1 2 9
remember pick the one you like the most
remember to write it down on the paper
so that it doesn't slip your mind later
this number will be X alright question
number 2 multiply your number by 2 so X
multiplied by 2
well that simple I won't even need my
calculator question 3 now you need to
add 5 to your result that's X multiplied
by 2 plus 5 got it number 4 multiply the
result you've got by 50
oops this is getting a bit more
complicated where's my calculator so X
multiplied by 2 plus 5 and all this
multiplied by 50 ok number 5 and now
your date of birth comes into play if
you have already celebrated your
birthday this year
add 1768 to your final result and if
this magnificent event is still ahead
add 1767 number 6 now you're supposed to
have a 4 figure number if you don't
something has gone terribly wrong
check your calculations again you need
to subtract the year of your birth from
your final result after you've done this
you get a three-digit number the first
digit is the number you chose at the
Inuk and the following two digits are
your age if you haven't made any
mistakes in your calculation you'll have
the right answer Wow
that's absolutely astonishing how does
it work well let's do this math together
so I need to pick one number from one
denied well my favorite number is 5 so
that's what all opt for now I should
multiply 5 by 2 5 times 2 gives me 10
let me add 5 to my result 10 plus five
makes 15 give me a second I'll just grab
my calculator here I can't multiply 15
times 50 without using 1 ok here we go
15 times 50 equals 750 what's next oh
right I already had my birthday this
year this means I need to add 1768 to
750 done this is two thousand five
hundred eighteen finally I'm supposed to
subtract the year of my birth from the
final result okay
two thousand five hundred eighteen -
1986 is five thirty - that's fantastic
five is the number I chose in the
beginning and I'm indeed 32 years old at
least for this example hey do you have
any idea how it works
if so sound off in the comments below
remember to hit the like button and
share this video with your friends for
more magic join us on the bright side of
life by subscribing to this channel
[Music]
you